cloud data import: update data import docs as per new UI (#10265)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/import-csv-files.md

To allow TiDB Cloud to access the CSV files in the Amazon S3 or GCS bucket, do one of the following:

- If your CSV files are located in Amazon S3, [configure Amazon S3 access](/tidb-cloud/config-s3-and-gcs-access.md#configure-amazon-s3-access).

    Once finished, make a note of the Role ARN value as you will need it in [Step 4](#step-4-import-csv-files-to-tidb-cloud).

- If your CSV files are located in GCS, [configure GCS access](/tidb-cloud/config-s3-and-gcs-access.md#configure-gcs-access).

## Step 4. Import CSV files to TiDB Cloud

To import the CSV files to TiDB Cloud, take the following steps:

> 1. Log in to the [TiDB Cloud](https://tidbcloud.com/signin) console, and navigate to the **Clusters** page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), and navigate to the **Clusters** page.
```

> 2. Locate your target cluster, click **Import Data** in the upper-right corner of the cluster area. The **Data Import** page is displayed.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Locate your target cluster, click **...** in the upper-right corner of the cluster area, and select **Import Data**. The **Data Import** page is displayed.
```

> 2. Locate your target cluster, click **...** in the upper-right corner of the cluster area, and select **Import Data**. The **Data Import** page is displayed.

Reviewer 2: Is **Import Data** also hidden on the cluster list page?

Author: Yes

> 2. Locate your target cluster, click **...** in the upper-right corner of the cluster area, and select **Import Data**. The **Data Import** page is displayed.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Locate your target cluster, click **Import Data** in the upper-right corner of the cluster area. The **Data Import** page is displayed.
```

3. On the **Data Import** page, provide the following information.

    - **Data Format**: select **CSV**.
    - **Location**: select the location where your CSV files are located.
    - **Bucket URL**: select the bucket URL where your CSV files are located.
    - **Role-ARN**: (This field is visible only for AWS S3): enter the Role ARN value for **Role-ARN**.

>     - **Target Cluster**: fill in the **Username** and **Password** fields.

Author: ```suggestion
    - **Target Cluster**: shows the cluster name and the region.
```

>     Confirm the compliance of cross region. Click **Next**.

Author: ```suggestion
    Confirm the compliance of cross region. Click **Next**. 
    
    TiDB Cloud starts validating whether it can access your data in the specified bucket URL. After the validation is completed and successful, the import task starts automatically. If you get the `AccessDenied` error, see [Troubleshoot Access Denied Errors during Data Import from S3](/tidb-cloud/troubleshoot-import-access-denied-error.md).
```

>     If the location of the bucket is different from your cluster, confirm the compliance of cross region. Click **Next**. 

Reviewer: For "If the location of the bucket is different from your cluster", what does "location" here mean?  Bucket region?  It is easy to get confused with the location field.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79440533/189896481-07f92e7a-11eb-4256-a7d7-e6558633e71c.png)

>     If the location of the bucket is different from your cluster, confirm the compliance of cross region. Click **Next**. 

Author: ```suggestion
    If the region of the bucket is different from your cluster, confirm the compliance of cross region. Click **Next**. 
```

>     TiDB Cloud starts validating whether it can access your data in the specified bucket URL. If you get the `AccessDenied` error, see [Troubleshoot Access Denied Errors during Data Import from S3](/tidb-cloud/troubleshoot-import-access-denied-error.md).

Author: ```suggestion
    TiDB Cloud starts validating whether it can access your data in the specified bucket URL. After validation, TiDB Cloud tries to scan all the files in the data source using the default file naming pattern, and returns a scan summary result on the left side of the next page. If you get the `AccessDenied` error, see [Troubleshoot Access Denied Errors during Data Import from S3](/tidb-cloud/troubleshoot-import-access-denied-error.md).
```

> 

Author: OK updated.

>     - **File Pattern**: modify the file pattern if you want to import CSV files whose filenames match a certain pattern to a single target table.

Reviewer 3: on the new import console the "File pattern " is in step 2  not step1

    - **File Pattern**: modify the file pattern if you want to import CSV files whose filenames match a certain pattern to a single target table.

        > **Note:**
        >
        > When you use this feature, one import task can only import data to a single table at a time. If you want to use this feature to import data into different tables, you need to import several times, each time specifying a different target table.

>         To modify the file pattern, click **Modify**, specify a custom mapping rule between CSV files and a single target table in the following fields, and then click **Scan**.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
        To modify the file pattern, click **Modify**, specify a custom mapping rule between CSV files and a single target table in the following fields, and then click **Scan**.  After that, the data source files will be re-scanned using the provided custom mapping rule 
```

>         - **File name**: enter a pattern that matches the names of the CSV files to be imported. If you have one CSV file only, enter the file name here directly.

Author: ```suggestion
        - **Source file name**: enter a pattern that matches the names of the CSV files to be imported. If you have one CSV file only, enter the file name here directly.
```

>         - **File name**: enter a pattern that matches the names of the CSV files to be imported. If you have one CSV file only, enter the file name here directly.

Reviewer 3: names of the CSV files should be with the suffix of ".csv"

Author: OK add a note to remind users.

>         - **Source file name**: enter a pattern that matches the names of the CSV files to be imported. If you have one CSV file only, enter the file name here directly. Note that the names of the CSV files must include the suffix ".csv".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - **Source file name**: enter a pattern that matches the names of the CSV files to be imported. If you have one CSV file only, enter the file name here directly. Note that the names of the CSV files must include the suffix `.csv`.
```

            For example:

            - `my-data?.csv`: all CSV files starting with `my-data` and one character (such as `my-data1.csv` and `my-data2.csv`) will be imported into the same target table.
            - `my-data*.csv`: all CSV files starting with `my-data` will be imported into the same target table.

        - **Target table name**: enter the name of the target table in TiDB Cloud, which must be in the `${db_name}.${table_name}` format. For example, `mydb.mytable`. Note that this field only accepts one specific table name, so wildcards are not supported.

>     - **Table Filter**: If you want to filter which tables to be imported, you can specify one or more table filters in this field, separated by `,`.

Reviewer: @Frank945946 , since users can click + to add multiple filter rules, please check whether using `,` to separate multiple filter rules still works.

>     - **Table Filter**: If you want to filter which tables to be imported, you can specify one or more table filters in this field, separated by `,`.

Reviewer 4: Currently the table filter has its own user interface, no need to fill a form with values concatenated by ',' .

>     - **Table Filter**: If you want to filter which tables to be imported, you can specify table filter rules in this field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Table Filter**: If you want to filter which tables to be imported, you can specify table filter rules in this area.
```

>     - **Table Filter**: If you want to filter which tables to be imported, you can specify one or more table filters in this field, separated by `,`.

Author: ```suggestion
    - **Table Filter**: If you want to filter which tables to be imported, you can specify table filter rules in this field.
```

>         For example:

Author: ```suggestion
```

        - `db01.*`: all tables in the `db01` database will be imported.

>         - `db01.table01*,db01.table02*`: all tables starting with `table01` and `table02` in the `db01` database will be imported.

Author: ```suggestion
```

>         - `db01.table01*,db01.table02*`: all tables starting with `table01` and `table02` in the `db01` database will be imported.

Reviewer: Please check whether using , to separate multiple filter rules still works.

Author: No longer supported. Deleted.

>         - `db01.*`: all tables in the `db01` database will be imported.
>         - `db01.table01*,db01.table02*`: all tables starting with `table01` and `table02` in the `db01` database will be imported.
>         - `!db02.*`: except the tables in the `db02` database, all other tables will be imported. `!` is used to exclude tables that do not need to be imported.
>         - `*.*` : all tables will be imported.

Author: ```suggestion
```

>         For more information, see [table filter snytax](/table-filter.md#syntax).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        For more information, see [table filter syntax](/table-filter.md#syntax).
```

5. Click **Next**.

> 6. On the **Preview** page, check and update the CSV specific configurations, including separator, delimiter, header, not-null, null, backslash-escape, and trim-last-separator. You can click the **Click here to edit csv configuration** link in the upper-right corner of the preview table to change the CSV configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. On the **Preview** page, you can have a preview of the data, and click the **Click here to edit csv configuration** link to check and update the CSV-specific configurations, including separator, delimiter, header, not-null, null, backslash-escape, and trim-last-separator.
```

Reviewer: The **Click here to edit csv configuration** link is quite obvious, so perhaps there is no need to highlight its location.

    >
    > For the configurations of separator, delimiter, and null, you can use both alphanumeric characters and certain special characters. The supported special characters include `\t`, `\b`, `\n`, `\r`, `\f`, and `\u0001`.

7. Click **Start Import**.

>     TiDB Cloud starts validating whether it can access your data in the specified bucket URL. After the validation is completed and successful, the import task starts automatically. If you get the `AccessDenied` error, see [Troubleshoot Access Denied Errors during Data Import from S3](/tidb-cloud/troubleshoot-import-access-denied-error.md).

Author: ```suggestion
```

>     TiDB Cloud starts validating whether it can access your data in the specified bucket URL. After the validation is completed and successful, the import task starts automatically. If you get the `AccessDenied` error, see [Troubleshoot Access Denied Errors during Data Import from S3](/tidb-cloud/troubleshoot-import-access-denied-error.md).

Reviewer 3: "the import task starts automatically" .Not start automatically, just go to step 2

Author: Yes corrected already. See this revision https://github.com/pingcap/docs/pull/10265/files#r966552945

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

> 8. When the import progress shows **Completed**, check the number after **Total Files:**.

Reviewer 3: when the progress completed ,there is no "Total Files" only "Tables"

Author: OK revised

> 8. When the import progress shows **Completed**, check the number after **Total Files:**.

Author: ```suggestion
8. When the import progress shows **Completed**, check the number after **Tables:**.
```

> 8. When the import progress shows **Completed**, check the imported tables.

Author: ```suggestion
8. When the import progress shows **Finished**, check the imported tables.
```

>     If the number is zero, it means no data files matched the value you entered in the **File Name** field. In this case, ensure that there are no typos in the **File Name** field and try again.

Author: ```suggestion
    If the number is zero, it means no data files matched the value you entered in the **Source file name** field. In this case, ensure that there are no typos in the **Source file name** field and try again.
```

>     If the number is zero, it means no data files matched the value you entered in the **File Name** field. In this case, ensure that there are no typos in the **File Name** field and try again.

Reviewer 3: If the number is zero should be " If the size is zero"
